back-app/TODO.md, before:


General
=================


Layout editor
==================

	x remove columns / rows
	  (empty right/bottom edges are removed, still needs update on page)
- list view: see which items are already in set
	x hover cell should highlight in list
	x filter is bad ux
	  (removed)
	x list-view items need better formatting and details (preview)
	x double click cell to edit it
- UNDO ?!
	x show save (ajax) is working in the back
	x grid should not be a <table> but use the same tech as the front end .. bunch of position
- select and remove multiple cells
[- switch the whole thing to use backbone.js ... jQuery().data() gets out of hand]


Sets
==================

- do they need an order?
- hidden / private sets?
	x edit aspect size
	x can not drag grid cell to "add-xy" and make more rows / cols
	x when moving grid cells around they loose their double click / hover feats.
- easy way to interlink context (vimeo) cells (drag-n-drop)


Cells
==================

- preview / test cells
	x upload previews directly to S3
- test paths (in fields) on S3 / Vimeo / webserver
- allow for input field to become textarea to be able to enter longer texts


Vimeo
===================
- what happens if a video is being deleted? ... delete the cell? ask?


Title cell
===================
- more than varchar(255)

Commit message:

back: small fix in vimeo linking for layout editor

back-app/TODO.md, after:


General
=================


Layout editor
==================
- UNDO ?!
- list view: see which items are already in set
- select and remove multiple cells
[- switch the whole thing to use backbone.js ... jQuery().data() gets out of hand]
	x remove columns / rows
	  (empty right/bottom edges are removed, still needs update on page)
	x hover cell should highlight in list
	x filter is bad ux
	  (removed)
	x list-view items need better formatting and details (preview)
	x double click cell to edit it
	x show save (ajax) is working in the back
	x grid should not be a <table> but use the same tech as the front end .. bunch of position
	x vimeo linking: remove existing link

Sets
==================
- do they need an order?
- hidden / private sets?
- set categories?
- generate thumbnail for set?
	x easy way to interlink context (vimeo) cells (drag-n-drop)
	x edit aspect size
	x can not drag grid cell to "add-xy" and make more rows / cols
	x when moving grid cells around they loose their double click / hover feats.


Cells
==================
- preview / test cells
- test paths (in fields) on S3 / Vimeo / webserver
- allow for input field to become textarea to be able to enter longer texts
	x upload previews directly to S3


Vimeo
===================
	x what happens if a video is being deleted? ... delete the cell? ask?
		yes, we ask.


Title cell
===================
	x more than varchar(255)
		changed to 1024
